it seems smart sharks have learnt to
link a boat propeller with an easy meal
and as roboshark is about to find out
this means that almost anyone can now
get up close and personal with sharks in
the Caribbean sharks have become a
highlight of the tourist trail in the
shark rodeo
Dinah's can attract huge numbers of gray
reef sharks by throwing frozen fish into
the water
it's a simulated carcass feed
we're playing with the oceans top
predators and yet attacks on submerge
divers are extremely rare and judging
from the kinds of wounds sustained it
seems that sharks who as more as
competitors and prey while the divers
keep their distance on the fringes of
the feed
roboshark boldly enters in
sharks usually gives several warnings
before they attack it's just that we
can't always read their signals but the
problem is we have thin-skinned so that
mr. maybe any warnings or investigations
can cause us serious injury
chant rodeos are banned in Florida
authorities believe they can condition
sharks to link people with food and so
increase the number of attacks but many
experts say this isn't true that rodeo
is in no way like a swimmer just
offshore